## 2.0.1
- Replacements and sounds with a condition that are labelled as `constant` are now skipped when loading, as opposed to just entire replacer files
- Conditional objects marked with `constant` also now skip validation and mapping (meaning custom conditions/mappings from mods can be properly used like a soft-dependency)
- Fixed an issue where it was impossible for some sounds to be randomly chosen
- Added validation error for missing mapping
- When logging validation errors, the log source now has `soundpack.` infront of the sound pack name
- Changed `resetsat` to `resets_at` for the `counter` condition
- Added logs for when SoundAPI handles DebugLogSources
- Added smarter internal logic to handle SoundAPI updating some AudioSources. Should maybe be more performant
- Fixed an issue where the `MatchStrings` DebugLogSource did not log anything unless `GenerateReports` was also enabled.

## 2.0.2
- woops

## 2.0.3
- fixed an issue where if SoundAPI had nothing to load, it would spin infinitely.

## 2.0.4
- bleh 

## 2.0.5
- upload to R.E.P.O.

## 2.0.6
- fixed an issue where SoundAPI would cause many issues if a loaded sound-pack tried to reference files that didn't exist.
- fixed an issue where SoundAPI would stop audio sources from playing if they were marked as `playOnAwake` and loaded with a scene.
    - note: this has a temporary config to disable it, as i'm not entirely sure if this will fully work
- added an extra check to prevent duplicate sound-packs from loading.
- added a warning log if no sound-packs loaded.

## 2.0.7
- uploaded to PEAK
- removed previously temporary config
- add metadata spoofing (fixes config names in Gale acting strange)
- added a new experiment
  - audio clip spoofing: enabling this experiment makes soundapi lie in some cases to other mods and the vanilla game about the true audioclip. this can help improve compatibilty

## 2.0.8
- hopefully fixed some issues with audio clip spoofing
- fixed an edge case where when a prefab was instantiated with a disabled `playOnAwake` audio source soundapi would try to play it (harmless, only a warning log)
- fixed config generation so that soundpacks which do not define config do not create a file.

## 2.0.9
- `AudioClipSpoofing` is no longer an experiment and is defaulted to `true` (it can still be disabled under the `Advanced` section in the config in case there are some remaining edge cases)
- `UEFOneShotWorkAround` has been added as a new experiment:
  - Some sounds are played on AudioSources with `.PlayOneShot()`, for these sounds it's impossible to replace them as they are being played
  - As a work-around, this experiment hijacks `.PlayOneShot()`, instead creating an AudioSource with duplicated settings, and calling `.Play()` instead
- Added `SoundAPI.CloneAudioSource(source, target, flags)` to facilitate `UEFOneShotWorkaround`
- Native Backend:
  - Native Backend is a rewrite to the patching method used to detect when an AudioSource has started playing. 
  - This fixes all `playOnAwake` edge cases
    - Notably the ship thrusters in Lethal Company which were enabled by an animation were previously unreplaceable (at least im pretty sure; im writing this months later)
  - As a result native backend should also be significantly more performant, especially when many prefabs are instantiated in a short time frame
    - For example dungeon generation in Lethal Company would be faster (although async dungeon generation in v80 means it may not be noticable as much)
  - Native Backend is only supported on some unity versions:
    - `2022.3.9f1` (Lethal Company pre-v73)
    - `2022.3.62f2` (Lethal Company post-v73)
      - This version has a further performance improvement regarding cleaning up AudioSources when a scene is loaded
    - `2022.3.60f1` (internal test project)
    - If SoundAPI is run in an unsupported version it will fallback to the previously used HarmonyX backend, although this won't be supported as much.
  - A config option `PreferredBackend` is available to force use of the old HarmonyX backend, though the Native Backend should always be used if available
- Reports generated by SoundAPI now include the game name/version/company, the unity version and if native backend is supported/enabled.

## 2.0.10
- Fixes [an issue](https://github.com/loaforcsSoundAPI/loaforcsSoundAPI/issues/36) where the HarmonyX backend did not work in REPO.

## 2.0.11
- Fixes an issue where SoundAPI could only replace the same audio clip on the same audio source once.
